[Registrar] Pricing, credit card, email verification (#3460)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/registrar/src/content/_partials/_email-verification.md

<Aside type="note">

> If you have an <a href='https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/203471284#h_1l0KGygoBX9QYjNrhAcHjg'>unverified account email address</a>, you will not be able to transfer or register domains. Verify your account email address before proceeding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an [unverified account email address](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/203471284#h_1l0KGygoBX9QYjNrhAcHjg), you will not be able to transfer or register domains. Verify your account email address before proceeding.
```
As long as there are empty lines surrounding the Aside tags, you can use Markdown syntax in the aside content.
